To reach .feature file check 'cypress>integration'

There are 4 scenarios:
- Login with valid user : To check user successfully logged in
- Login with invalid user: To check user not being able to login
- Success Order Method 1: User journey from login to complete shopping
- Success Order Method 2: Same journey with Success Order Method 1 but with a different script spelling
- Remove Order Method: Checks if the user can successfully delete the product from shopping card

Scenarios using BDD are intended to be understood by both the business unit and the software team.

1 - Login with valid user
A successful login is a must for an application. User cannot continue with other steps without login.

2- Login with invalid user
User not allowed by the system must not login. It can cause undesirable situation.

3- Success Order Method 1 & Success Order Method 2
First I did the exploratory test. I have observed the user journeys of other given users.
I observed that there are problems especially in adding or removing products and product information.
In my observation, the differences are not only functional, but also show a difference in content visually.
Since I will write 2 scripts, I tried to cover the situations that I consider as important as possible.

> 'Login Page' 
> 'Product List Page' : Select Product 
> 'Product Detail Page' : Add Item to Shopping Card 
> 'Shopping Card Page':Check Item is correct 
> 'Checkout Page' : Fill personal information 
> 'Checkout Overview' : Check payment & shipping information 
> 'Checkout Complete' : Check pic & text
> Logged out

4- Remove Order Method
As I mentioned above, product deletion is one of the important issues I see, such as adding for different user.

> 'Login Page' 
> 'Product List Page' : Select Product 
> 'Product Detail Page' : Add Item to Shopping Card, Check Shopping card
> 'Product List Page' : Select Product  
> 'Product Detail Page' : Add Item to Shopping Card, Delete last added product, Check shoppig card
> Logged out
